Now this one dedicated to the man them call MacGuyver
And all 007 James Bond spy man inside the area
Maximum amount of respect to the man them call Ice Cube
And he bust no deuce deuce, no trey 8, but 4 4 wicked!

1... 2... 3 and I come with the wicked style
And you know that I'm from the wicked crew, you act like you knew
But I got everybody jumpin' to the voodoo
Kickin' wicked rhymes, picket signs, while me and my mob got a trunk load of 9's
Drop then I'll slay ya, bang, bang, birthday dough for the A-hoe
Ready to Buck! Buck! Buck! But it's a must to Duck! Duck! Duck!
Before I bust!
You lookin' for the one that did it.
You like my vote? No your never gonna get it
'Cause I'm the one with the tight mad skills
And I won't choke like the Buffalo Bills, Sittin' at the pad just chillin'
Larry Parker just got 2 million, Oh what a fuckin' feelin'
So that nigga done past me the peel, and I slam dunk it like Shaquille O'Neal
Wicked, Wreckin'
Baby, I'll rock that test tube baby, take it...

You know them wicked, Ice Cube and Torture Chamber sound
Yes them wicked, him pick up the mic and bust up the ground
Yes them wicked, all of them gyal with the sound
My name is Don Jaguar and Ice Cube he run the town.

Don't say nothin' just listen
Got me a plan to break Tyson out of prison
You come my way you get served
Still got a deuce that'll bunny hop the curb
Nappy head, nappy chest, nappy chin, never seen with a happy grin
Show da phat frown 'cause I'm down, take a look around
All you see is big black boots, steppin, use my steel toe as a weapon
Kick ya and flick ya, now they want to label this nigga tape with a sticker
But that's nicety, 'cause I got a Body Count like Ice-T
From here to New York I get 'em skins, and I ain't talkin' about pork
Swine, pig, dig
Listen from the flow from a soul fro'ed ???
Who didn't know I was funky as Wilson Pickett
Dig it, 'cause I get wicked
You know them wicked, Ice Cube and Torture Chamber sound
Yes them wicked, him pick up the mic and bust up the ground
Yes them wicked, all of them down with the sound
My name is Don Jaguar and Ice Cube he run the town.

People wanna know how come I got a gat
And I'm lookin' out the window like Malcolm
Ready to bring that noise and kinda trigger happy like the Geto Boys
April 29th more power to the people, and we might just see a sequel
'Cause police got equal, pay, A horse is a pig that don't fly straight
Doin' Daryl Gates but is Willie Williams down with the pilgrims
Just a super slave
We'll have to break his ass up like Super Dave...

I'm wicked enough to pull this
'Cause now it's on to the fullest
Gorilla straight from the mist
But I don't miss when it comes to this
Bring the yellow tape
The white cape, 'cause I'm so straight
Through with the picket signs, take his job and stick it
Bigot, 'cause I get wicked.