Fuck all y'all!

Goddamn, I'm glad y'all set it off
Used to be hard, now you're just wet and soft
First you was down with the AK,
And now I see you on a video with Michel'le
Lookin' like straight bozos?
I saw it comin', that's why I went solo
And kept on stompin'
While y'all muthaphukkaz moved "Straight outta Compton"
Livin' with the whitez:
One big house, and not another nigga in sight
I started off with too much cargo,
Dropped four Niggaz, now I'm makin' all the dough
White man just rulin'
The Niggaz With Attitude -- who ya foolin'?
Y'all niggaz just phony
I put that on my mama and my "Dead Homiez"
Yella Boy's on your team, so you're losin'
Aiyo Dre, stick to producin'
Callin' me Arnold, but you Benedict
Eazy E saw your ass and went in it quick
You got jealous when I got my own company,
But I'm a man, and ain't nobody helpin' me
Tryin' to sound like AmeriKKKa's Most?
You could yell all day, but you don't come close
'Cause you know I'm the one that flown,
Ya done run 100 miles, but you still got one to go
With the L-E-N-C-H M-O-B,
And y'all disgrace the C-P-T
'Cause you're gettin' fucked out your green
By a white boy with no Vaseline...

(L.L. sample: "Now you're gettin' done without Vaseline...") 3x
(Biz Markie sample: "Damn, it feels good to see people... on it")

The bigger the cap, the bigger the peelin'
Who gives a fuck about a punk-ass villain?
You're gettin' fucked real quick
And Eazy's dick is smellin' like MC Ren's shit
Tried to tell you a year ago
But Willie D told me to "Let a ho be a ho"
So I couldn't stop you from gettin' ganked
Now let's play "big-bank-take-little-bank"
Tried to diss Ice Cube, it wasn't worth it
'Cause "the broomstick" fit your ass so perfect
"Cut my hair" and I'll cut them balls,
'Cause I heard you're, like, givin' up the drawers
Gang-banged by your manager, fella,
Gettin' money out your ass, like a muthaphukkin' Ready Teller
Givin' up the dollar bills,
Now they got the Villain with a purse and high-heels
So don't believe what Ren say,
'Cause he's goin' out like Kunta Kinte,
But I got a whip for ya Toby;
Used to be my homie,
Now you act like you don't know me
It's a case of divide-and-conquer,
'Cause you let a Jew break up my crew
House nigga, gotta run and hide!
Yellin' Compton, but you moved to Riverside
So don't front, MC Ren,
'Cause I remember when you drove a B210
Broke as a motherfuckin' joke, they let you on the scene
To back up the Verse Team
It ain't my fault one nigga got smart,
And they rippin' your asshole apart
By takin' your green
Oh yeah --- the Villain does get fucked with no vaseline

(Refrain scratched)

I never have dinner with the President---
I never have dinner with the President---
I never have dinner with the President,
And when I see your ass again, I'll be blasting it
Now I think you a snitch
Throw a house nigga in a ditch
Half-pint bitch, fuckin' your homeboys, you little maggot
Eazy-E turned faggot
With your manager, fella ---
Fuckin' MC Ren, Dr. Dre, and Yella
But if they were smart as me,
Eazy-E would be hangin' from a tree
With no Vaseline ---
Just a match, and a little bit of gasoline
Light 'em up, burn 'em up, flame on...
Till that Jheri curl is gone
On a permanent vacation,
Off the Massa plantation
Heard you both got the same bank account
Dumb nigga! What you thinkin' bout?!
Get rid of that Devil real simple:
Put a bullet in his temple
'Cause you can't be the "Niggaz4Life" crew
With a white Jew tellin' you what to do
Pullin' wools with your scams;
Now I gotta play the "Silence of the Lambs"
With a midget who's a punk too
Tryin' to fuck me, but "I'd rather fuck you"
Eric Wright:
Punk, "always into somethin'", gettin' fucked at night
By Mista Shitpacker
Bend over for the Goddamn cracker
No Vaseline...